[REPORTER]
We have a follow-up report
from live at
the scene of today's
armed occupation of
the Far East Trade Embassy.
Sources say there are 42
hostages being held by 11...
You're clearly the right woman
for the job, Major Kusanagi.
That is very kind of you,
Mister Fujimoto.
Our victory is close
at hand, Lt. Colonel.
Let us hope so,
Ambassador Wong.
[OSAMU] The interview
is merely a formality.
The council functions
are performed by AI.
How the times have changed.
But this AI will be
listening in, I presume.
There's no need to be
intimidated by a machine.
We have a problem,
and your unit can provide
the perfect solution.
[HOSTAGES scream, gasp]
[KURUTSU] The world entered
a rapid era of change
after the war ended.
This country is no
exception, of course.
[OSAMU] The war accelerated
both cyberbrain
and prosthetic development.
Of course, the cybercrimes born
of such technology are serious,
but they're only a symptom
of another problem.
Between cyberbrains
and prosthetics,
we're seeing the largest
profit-seeking system
in the history of the world.
And that means the amount
of data shared
in real time is staggering;
it's gone far beyond what
any government in the world
is capable of managing.
[MOTOKO] But even assuming that
business conglomerates eliminate
the concept of nations one day,
that doesn't mean that the state
is without a purpose.
[OSAMU] The global economy
that's taking over today
breeds nothing
but anarchy.
It puts the financial security
of all private citizens at risk.
The state must exist
to uphold their welfare.
[COP A gasps]
Fall back!
[KURUTSU] Cyberbrains and
prosthetics have formed
an unbreakable bridge
between the munitions industry
and household economics.
No government regulations
can change that or stop it.
[keyboard clacking]
[OSAMU] While it's true
that no executive body
can contain the system,
that doesn't mean that
it transcends the laws
established by the state.
[OSAMU]
Systems which break the rules
must be dealt with accordingly,
regardless of their influence.
Sharing information,
gives us two choices:
submitting to the system,
or becoming part of it.
What we need now...
...is an executive force
to keep the system in line.
...is an integrated network,
one that sorts people within
the system appropriately.
[RICHARD]
Hm.
A lovely speech.
And don't worry,
Lieutenant Colonel,
we recognize you
and your organization
as a most welcome enterprise.
[OSAMU] Government authorized
cyber investigations
and anti-terror activities.
The power to bring charges
for corporate crimes.
Nothing will be taboo
for your unit.
[BATOU]
You done yet, Major?
[MOTOKO]
In a moment.
What's the sitrep?
[BATOU] Aside from
the raid going on,
everyone's having
a jolly old time.
[BATOU] Dammit!
Ape-Face from Section 9
is sticking
his nose in again.
[TOGUSA]
Why is that a problem?
Chief Aramaki is the one
who requested us, right?
[BORMA] That means he wants
us working under him.
[PAZ] And there's no way
that'll fly with our leader.
[ISHIKAWA] The ape's assumed
authority over the situation.
What now, Major?
Want me to break into
Section 9's net?
[MOTOKO]
I'll negotiate with him.
Stand by for now.
[OSAMU] My father,
the Prime Minister,
would like to see this incident
resolved promptly.
And now, you have
your authority.
The hard part will come next.
You will not regret this.
Thank you, sir.
Would you say that
you love this country?
Enough to give this
mission my full attention,
if that's what you mean.
[OSAMU]
Hm.
Then it seems this country
should try harder
to earn your affection.
[MOTOKO chuckles]
Well then,
I'll get to work.
[OSAMU]
One last thing.
[MOTOKO]
Huh?
Your smile is too calculated.
You don't need to devote so much
of your prosthetic memory to it.
I assure you, I've never given
a programmed smile in my life.
It's real.
[OSAMU]
Hm.
If you say so.
I'll trust your Ghost
on this one.
I won't let you down, sir.
Good luck.
[MOTOKO]
Ishikawa, information.
[ISHIKAWA]
I'm seeing a report
from the federal council session
320 approving our budget.
Nice work, Major.
[MOTOKO]
Get in my lobby.
We're starting
the case now.
Kusanagi, I didn't expect
to see you here.
Come to wag your tail for
our antiquated government?
[MOTOKO]
I don't know.
Have you come to sell out
to some corporation,
so you can make an easy buck
on the backs of our people?
Most of the military is
going to become privatized.
If you're going to war,
you should at least have the
sense to side with the winners.
The war is already over,
and it wasn't fought
so that someone could put
a serial number on my Ghost.
Everyone, is replaceable
and expendable.
Now let's see which one of us
is disposable, too.
We'll find out.
[MOTOKO]
ETA is seven minutes.
I assume you have my info?
[ISHIKAWA] Eleven soldiers
who opposed downgrading
the Ministry of Defense to
"Defense Agency" have occupied
the East Asian Economic
Federation's trade embassy.
Here are their
current positions,
backgrounds, and
associated organizations.
[TOGUSA]
Uh-huhhhh.
[BATOU] Heh. All eleven
are prosthetized,
and two of 'em have heavy-class
converted prosthetics.
In other words, the riot police
aren't looking so hot.
[TOGUSA] Out of 42 hostages
it looks like
36 are confined in the hall
with the bombs.
The other six are higher-ups
who escaped into the panic room.
They're probably
the real targets.
[BORMA] We're screwed
if they open that door.
They'll either hole up
in there for months
or start staging
public executions.
[MOTOKO]
What are their demands?
[PAZ] They want the government
to keep the Ministry
and suspend military trials.
They don't care about
their own safety.
[MOTOKO]
If they want to make
a little battlefield for
themselves, we'll indulge them.
Execute Domination on my signal.
We're going in.
Are you nuts?
Just the seven of us?
[MOTOKO] We've got a sniper,
cyberbrain hacking,
and Logicoma to act as shields.
The riot police at the
perimeter will keep away
any potential reinforcements.
We're fine.
[TOGUSA]
Hmmph. You are the boss.
[BATOU] Too bad this mission
doesn't call for ugly suits
and old-fashioned neckties, huh?
[TOGUSA groans]
[PAZ] Must be rough, being the
only one with a natural body.
Why not take this chance
to go full cyborg?
[TOGUSA gasps]
[BORMA]
It'd be a real pity
to leave that beautiful
wife of yours a widow.
[ISHIKAWA] Don't worry, I'll be
sure to collect your last words
before your cyberbrain
gets blown away.
[SAITO] And if you happen
to get tortured by the enemy,
I can be the one to end
your suffering for you.
[TOGUSA] Y'know what?
Screw you guys!
Let's go! I got this!
[MOTOKO] I brought you together
because you're all
top-notch parts
in your own right.
Still, like any part, I'll
purge you if you can't perform.
So you can act like a bunch of
jackasses if you like,
but most of you would
either be in jail
or end up shot in the back
if I didn't recruit you
for this squad.
Don't forget that.
Get into position.
It's time to move.
[TOGUSA] So we're just
parts of a machine now?
[BATOU] I wouldn't
take it personally.
I'm sure our darling princess
meant that as a pep talk.
[BORMA]
She's a monster.
[ISHIKAWA]
A gorilla woman.
[SAITO]
She's gonna replace us.
[PAZ] Just do the job,
we'll be fine.
[TOGUSA]
Speak for yourself.
I'm gonna die
for sure out there.
[ARAMAKI] We can't storm them
without more personnel!
Where are the Rangers?
Or The Special Forces?
[SUBORDINATE]
They all refused the job.
Said they didn't want
to shoot their own people
to save some foreign
war merchants.
If they care about
their "friends"
they can stop them from
committing crimes!
Any squads associated with them
will be charged with conspiracy!
Hey, chief.
You can stop negotiations now.
Major!
I should have guessed.
[MOTOKO] Sorry, but I'm going
to need you to stand down.
Ah, so that suspicious
budget the council just passed
was for your squad.
[ARAMAKI] It's not like you to
rely on politicians, though.
[MOTOKO] I saved
myself some hassle
by negotiating
with the top man.
[ARAMAKI] "Under the
Prime Minister's authority"
sounds good on paper,
but personally,
I recommend a squad that
follows international law.
We'd be a global rescue team.
Is that how you put it?
Or a shell squad,
within the team?
[ARAMAKI]
If it wasn't for the war,
I would've set this up long ago.
It would nip crimes
right in the bud.
That means we wouldn't
have to suffer through
incidents like this.
[MOTOKO]
Nice thought,
but I'll take an actual job
over your fantasy squad.
When are you going in?
[MOTOKO]
Twenty seconds.
We'll try not to kill anyone.
After all, we have to leave you
with something to do.
She's like a child with
a very expensive new toy.
[MOTOKO]
Begin Domination.
[SOLDIER 6B gasps]
[SOLDIER 6A gasps]
[SOLDIER 6D gasps]
[SOLDIER 6C gasps]
[SOLDIER 6E] Our comm lines,
they've been Dominated!
They want a fight?
That's fine with me!
I can't see!
She infiltrated my vision!
[SOLDIER 6A grunts]
[SOLDIER 6E groans]
[groans]
[SOLDIER 6A groans]
[growls]
Hey! What's wrong?
[sighs]
[SOLDIER 6A groans]
[SOLDIER 6B groans]
[HOSTAGES scream]
[LOGICOMA 6A]
Hello!
[SOLDIER 6F]
Ah!
Damn you!
[SOLDIER 6B]
Huh?!
[BATOU]
Logicomas, protect the hostages!
[LOGICOMA 6A, 6B]
Roger, sir! We're on it!
[SOLDIER 6F]
Uh?
For a soldier,
you're pretty easy prey.
[SOLDIER 6W]
Don't turn over the hostages!
Do whatever it takes
to buy us time!
[LOGICOMA 6B] Hello.
[SOLDIER 6H screaming]
[SOLDIER 6I grunts]
[SOLDIER 6H groans]
[TOGUSA]
Uh.
Hey, look!
I'm actually useful!
[TOGUSA]
Please stay down!
[SAITO]
Uh?
[MOTOKO]
Watch where you're aiming!
Don't kill him!
[SAITO]
Tch.
[SOLDIER 6J groaning]
[SAITO] Could you be
any more up my ass?
[MOTOKO] You've got to break
this habit, the War is over.
Yeah, well, I think these guys
must've missed the memo.
Go to hell!
Well it sucks to be you.
[SOLDIER 6F, BATOU grunting]
Looks like they built your
body for raw power, huh?
Let me guess, you nearly
died on the battlefield,
went full cyborg,
and thought you'd be
everything you always wanted.
[SOLDIER 6F gasps]
[BATOU] Y'know,
I did the same thing.
[groans]
[BATOU]
All done here, Major.
[MOTOKO] How's the panic room?
[ISHIKAWA] Door's fine,
but two guys are on their way.
[MOTOKO] Batou and I
will box them in.
Free the hostages and put
everyone you've captured
in the hall.
Do you think we should
lend a hand in there?
Only if you like
playing the clown.
All we have to do
is inspect the scene before
the central authorities.
We had 200 people and
couldn't clean up this mess
so now we get to watch
seven do it alone.
That's entertainment.
He's still safe.
What's next?
[AKIRA] I'll issue a new
directive immediately.
[ISHIKAWA]
Huh?
[BATOU]
Uh?
[MOTOKO]
Batou?
[BATOU] What the hell?
Where's the enemy?
[MOTOKO]
Ishikawa, start explaining.
[ISHIKAWA]
I was jammed for a second.
Don't know what happened,
but there's a twelfth person
on the property now.
[MOTOKO] Whoever they are,
better find them quick!
[BATOU]
Look.
[MOTOKO gasps]
[MOTOKO]
Friendly fire?
[MOTOKO grunts]
[SOLDIER 6A panting]
C'mon, everyone outside!
[PAZ]
Hm.
That's strange.
Looks like we're missing one.
I thought I heard
something on the comm line.
Whoa, wait!
Put those down!
[ISHIKAWA]
The hostages' cyberbrains.
They've been contaminated!
[MOTOKO]
The false memory virus.
It's Fire-Starter!
Give them the virtual vaccine!
[BATOU] I thought they were
supposed to be ghost locked!
Why can they move?
[ISHIKAWA] All right, got it.
Found the intruder.
[MOTOKO]
That's the host for the virus.
You win, Saito.
Destroy their cyberbrain.
[SAITO]
Hm.
Why, thank you.
Don't mind if I do.
[KURUTSU gasps]
Prime Minister. No!
[SAITO gasps]
[SAITO grunts]
[SAITO]
My ear!
That was flesh, you bastard!
I'm gonna kill you!
This is messed up.
[BATOU]
There's no Ghost.
Just a false cyberbrain somebody
was remote controlling.
[MOTOKO]
Where's number 12?
[ISHIKAWA]
Lost track of them.
Searching now.
Huh?
The government issued
a state of emergency.
Secret talks at
Yagasaki Hotel?
What do you mean a bombing?
Wait, who is dead?
Say that again.
[ARAMAKI gasps]
[REPORTER B] The first
assassination of a sitting
Prime Minister in
our nation's history
occurred today while Japanese
soldiers were occupying
an East Asian
Federation embassy.
[REPORTER C]
Although the relationship
between these events is unclear,
the investigating authorities
have requested an analysis
of the Ministry faction's
military Nets
from Vice-Minister
Yoko Kitahara,
in her interim role
taken due to the Minister
of Defense's resignation.
[MOTOKO chuckles]
[MOTOKO] "Which of us
is disposable," huh?
Looks like you were used
and thrown away.
[MOTOKO]
Whoever did this,
I'll find them and
put them on the slab
right next to you, Kurutsu.
[ARAMAKI] The PM's talks
were with Ambassador Wong
from the Far East trade embassy.
Although it happened
at the same time
as the embassy's occupation,
let's investigate all options.
[SECTION 9 MEMBER]
Right.
[ARAMAKI] Check the Prime
Minister's Residence for clues
and put surveillance
on any politicians
who claim immunity to arrest.
[SECTION 9 MEMBER]
Yes sir.
We should have been
able to stop this!
Cleanup is useless, we need
to focus on prevention!
[MOTOKO]
All patched up?
Amazing what a nice budget can
do for maintenance, isn't it?
[BORMA]
You should enjoy it--
Who knows what'll
happen with our budget
now that the PM is dead.
I need two hours
to fine-tune.
After that, whoever shot
my ear is dead meat.
Better to go after the one
with the Major's body, Saito.
You're the only one who saw her.
[SAITO]
I can do both!
[PAZ]
So what now, Major?
[MOTOKO]
Paz, you're on the embassy.
Borma's on the bomb site.
Figure out if this was an
operation on two fronts.
[BATOU] What about
Kurutsu's cyberbrain?
[MOTOKO] It's too damaged
for me to read.
I'll investigate her
death and the virus.
[SAITO]
If the chick with your body
was the one who
unleashed Fire-Starter,
then it's cool if
I kill her, right?
[MOTOKO] A corpse won't give us
info on their ringleader.
Try to keep that fetish
of yours in check.
[SAITO growls]
[BATOU] So that leaves
me and the rookie
to track the perps, huh?
They're probably halfway
around the world by now.
[PAZ] Nah, if they're trying to
mess with domestic affairs,
they've got operatives
in our government
who can't move right away.
[BORMA] In which case,
there's probably a third party,
someone who used these guys
and then iced them.
[ISHIKAWA] Let's hope
they're foreigners this time.
I've had enough of killing
my own countrymen.
[MOTOKO] Do background checks
on everyone you see,
and stay out of confrontations
with other spies.
[MOTOKO]
Special Advisor Fujimoto.
[OSAMU] I came for the DNA
testing on his body.
You can't even tell he's my
father by looking at him now.
For what it's worth,
I will find the culprit.
My mind's so mixed up.
When they questioned me,
I couldn't even remember
what happened yesterday.
Let alone the last thing
I spoke to him about.
I went through the same thing.
During the war.
Did your memories
ever come back?
Every single one.
And I won't forget again.
[OSAMU]
Right before he died,
he issued some sort of
directive to me.
Unfortunately, it seems that
someone jammed the signal
and it didn't get through.
Please.
At the very least,
find out his final message.
I have to know.
[OSAMU]
Oh, and...
Yes?
Do you think we could
have dinner sometime?
[MOTOKO]
Uh...
I'd like to talk...
and not about business.
There aren't too
many restaurants
I can go to, you know.
[MOTOKO]
Ishikawa, I assume you heard?
[ISHIKAWA]
Yeah. I'm on it.
[BATOU]
Want me to keep tabs on him?
[MOTOKO] Just get their
Net like I told you to
and mind your own business.
What's he doing trying
to pick up girls anyway?
His dad just died!
And the Major? Really?
It was prob'ly
love at first sight.
He's a rich boy
politician's son,
so he doesn't get to
meet her type every day.
It's better to focus
on the job, right?
Enjoy our new authority?
[TSUMUGI (RIGHT)]
It's been 900 hours
since I last saw someone move.
[MOTOKO] I heard that Unit 501
had been privatized,
but I didn't realize it
was an automated factory.
[TSUMUGI (RIGHT)] Everyone went
to work for Harimadara.
What do you need?
A tour of the place?
Do you know why Kurutsu
was at that meeting?
[TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
For profit and for survival.
Ambassador Wong and the PM
were working on an agreement
to avoid any prosthetics
development dead-ends.
[TSUMUGI (RIGHT)] The idea was
to keep production lines going
by delaying the introduction
of new technology.
[MOTOKO]
Why would you want to do that
when the government
provides research grants
to keep development moving?
[TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
That sounds nice in theory,
but the technology is advancing
too quickly to be utilized
by the current generation.
Others weren't made
full-cyborg at birth like you.
Dr. Kusanagi developed
your body with the concept
of future
growth in mind.
Rather insightful
of him, really.
So what you're in here doing
is making parts, is that it?
[TSUMUGI (RIGHT)]
Have to stay alive somehow.
[TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
Technology conservation
keeps numerous interests going,
but a technology revolution
gives one group control of
an enormous market share.
Kurutsu bet on the former
and was crushed by the latter.
That would provide
a strong motive
for the perp to kill
the ambassador
and the Prime Minister
in the same hit.
[MOTOKO]
Thanks for the information.
[TSUMUGI (RIGHT)] You should
say hello to your parents.
[MOTOKO]
Another time.
[TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
Come whenever you like.
It's not as though they'll
be going anywhere.
The same goes for us.
[TOGUSA]
Koichi Sawada,
formerly an armored division
signal man in the Army.
You really think a military Net
admin would hole up here?
[BATOU] The perps had
the info in the access logs
of their cyberbrains, so yeah.
[BATOU]
Logicoma.
[LOGICOMA 6A] I only see
one heat signature.
[TOGUSA]
And no corpses, huh?
[LOGICOMA 6A] I can't
determine that from here.
[BATOU] Like they say,
dead men tell no tales,
so if he ain't alive, we're
right back where we started.
I have uninvited guests.
Better shut your
door next time.
[TOGUSA sighs]
[SAWADA] I thought someone
might come to speak with me.
Just tell me what you need.
[TOGUSA]
You must be Koichi Sawada.
We're sorry to intrude.
We'd like to talk about
the PM's assassination.
What's that data about?
Think of them
as last words.
My comrades had no money,
so all they could leave
behind was a message.
They're programmed to be sent
when they take their lives.
And since they don't
have any family either,
they have their final
testament sent to me--
an administrator
they've never even met.
I wish they'd at least
come speak to me first.
[LOGICOMA 6A]
So somebody did die?
[BATOU]
Somewhere out there, yeah.
Anyway, stand by for now.
[LOGICOMA 6A]
Okay!
[coughs] Was there ever mention
of killing the Prime Minister?
[SAWADA]
Not at all.
I do have the final
testaments of the men
who occupied the
embassy, though.
[TOGUSA] Are there any
you've lost contact with?
[SAWADA]
Plenty. I'll forward you a list.
[BATOU] And one you think
could be the ringleader?
[SAWADA]
Colonel Haruyoshi Nada
would probably have
the most clout.
He was an informal advisor
to Vice-Minister Kitahara,
but he disappeared
before the incident.
If you're feeling down,
you can come by and talk, too.
What does that mean?
[SAWADA] Full cyborgs are at
the highest risk for suicide.
Production standards change.
Their old parts deteriorate,
but they aren't compatible
with new tech.
[TOGUSA gasps]
This is what
that looks like.
I'm grateful I can
work as a relay point.
Otherwise, I'd likely
end up just like them.
[SAWADA] If the cyberbrain
version you choose
doesn't fit the
tide of the times,
then prosthetization
dooms you...
...to this.
[LOGICOMA 6A] What did you do
with the dead person?
[TOGUSA]
We couldn't do anything.
[LOGICOMA 6A]
If he can't be repaired,
then I recommend recovering
his data for transfer later!
[TOGUSA] If his body's dead,
his Ghost dies with it.
[LOGICOMA 6A]
Well, that's just poor design!
Batou, have you
ever died before?
I was supposed to,
but I ended up a full cyborg
like this instead.
[LOGICOMA 6A] Is that why you're
one of the Major's parts now--
So you can keep working
till you die for real?
Will you cut it out?!
[BATOU chuckles]
A stud like me isn't
goin' down that easily.
Not yet. You hear?
[LOGICOMA 6A]
Loud and clear!
Thank you for another
valuable learning experience.
[ROBERT]
I don't care.
Request it through
Foreign Affairs.
We're the victims here.
Stripping them of military
affiliation isn't nearly enough.
The government owes me
compensation for this mess.
[PAZ]
That "victim" is bad news.
[ARAMAKI] That's Far East
Trade's representative,
Robert Lee.
He's also an infamous fixer.
Once, the American
government even requested
that we deport him,
but not surprisingly, he found
some way to weasel out of it.
He's got balls
making such a big stink
when he might still be a target.
He probably has
a whole host of secrets
he wants to keep under wraps.
At any rate, it makes
me wonder who arranged
the secret talks with
the Prime Minister.
And who leaked
their location.
Right?
I'm always open to
a joint investigation.
Tell the Major that for me.
[car door clicks open]
[engine starts]
[AMAGATA]
Cyberbrain standards are like
national borders
for corporations.
Even if those boundaries cause
technological gaps
between nations,
that doesn't mean
a country should simply
relinquish its borders.
Kurutsu and I were trying to
find a way to the next epoch
and some people
couldn't handle it.
Odd hearing that, since
your people have profited
from a system that
transcends borders,
Deputy Director Amagata.
That's no longer my title.
But Kurutsu said the same thing.
And I do believe that the day
will come when cyberbrain Nets
transcend corporate borders.
It just isn't
that time now.
If you feel as though
you're in danger,
we can provide security
and monitoring for you.
That won't be necessary.
Your former colleagues will keep
me and my company quite safe.
[ISHIKAWA]
Major.
[MOTOKO]
You've got the info?
[ISHIKAWA]
No luck with the jamming yet,
but I did find a data transfer
from Kurutsu.
It was an outside transmission,
sent one minute after the blast.
And before you ask,
it wasn't some testament
sent to the military Net.
[MOTOKO]
Give me the address.
I'll head over there.
[MOTOKO] So, all the
old members of the 501
have turned into
corporate employees now?
Or are you research subjects?
[IBACHI] Please stay
out of this, Kusanagi.
Hello, Ibachi.
Find another job
and walk away.
We will avenge
Kurutsu on our terms.
You're nothing but
an outcast now.
Scrounging around for scraps to
keep that of yours body running.
I will wreck you if I have to.
I won't hold back this time.
[MOTOKO] Keep tabs on
everyone at Harimadara
who came from the 501.
We might have some obstructions.
[ISHIKAWA]
Roger.
I'm sure they're
hungry for revenge.
I found a government doc
referencing developmental
dead ends.
Twenty or so years back,
the national policy
caused a real mess,
so they set up a security plan
for the future.
[MOTOKO]
Why would they need that?
[ISHIKAWA] Evidently a ton
of people went missing.
Some prosthetics researcher
and his pregnant wife
are at the top of the list.
They were last seen at the site
of a chemical weapons explosion.
[ISHIKAWA] Now it looks
like some organization
is keeping their bodies
for research.
Hey! Are you listening?
[MOTOKO] I'll have my AIs
analyze the data.
Try to find a connection
with our current case.
[CARETAKER 6A] They tell me
you moved to a new unit.
[CARETAKER 6A] We see a lot
more non-military companies
interested these days.
That leads to a broader range
of jobs, thankfully.
And they're good investments
for the corporations?
The point is we can provide our
children with a peaceful future.
And here they are.
[CHILDREN laughing]
[CHRIS]
Hello.
It's nice to meet you.
My name is Motoko.
[CHRIS]
I'm Chris.
You know I used to
live here myself,
but that was a few years back.
[CHRIS] Is it nice
to come visit?
I suppose.
I need to ask you
about an old friend.
Her name is Kurutsu.
[CHRIS]
Of course.
Everyone here knows her.
She was building us a future,
until she died.
May I listen to the
message she left you?
[CHRIS]
Yes.
If you're
watching this,
I'm afraid I have
some bad news.
I'm not sure of the
exact circumstances,
but it seems I've
left this world.
Check your individual Nets,
there's rights,
a series of assets, and duties
I've assigned to you.
Don't worry,
your future is safe.
Believe in the Third World.
We'll meet again someday.
What is "the Third World"?
[CHRIS] A world of data
without people or things.
So, even if our
bodies break down
and we can't swap prosthetics
to stay alive anymore,
we don't have to
disappear forever.
Do you believe in
a place like that?
That's not something
I can know.
Is this the only message?
[CHRIS]
Mm.
Can we talk again?
[MOTOKO chuckles] Of course.
I'll look forward to it.
[TOGUSA]
Oh!
[MOTOKO] Why do we have
to meet in person?
You telling me my
cyber lobby is bugged?
No. I just thought we
could have a meal together
instead of doing
everything by cyberbrain.
It'd be nice!
What are you
talking about?
[BATOU] You're the one
who invited this flesh bag
to the team, remember?
So don't complain.
[BATOU] You got our rookie
here real scared.
He said he's afraid you might
be a robot in disguise.
So he wanted to test you.
That is not what I said.
I just thought we could build
some trust if we met for dinner.
[BATOU] He told me this work
environment is unacceptable.
No vacation, erratic hours,
unpaid overtime!
You're making
this stuff up!
[BATOU chuckles]
[TOGUSA gasps]
[TOGUSA clears throat]
So, the Ministry Faction.
The eleven guys who
took the hostages,
Colonel Nada, and seven MIAs all
left the exact same testament.
[BATOU] Meaning there's
still a group of them
out there somewhere,
lying low and waiting
for a chance to strike.
Colonel Nada's testament
had an extra line, though,
and it's a strange one.
He said he "received a gift
from the Third World."
Probably just his fancy way
of saying he got the virus
from the broker, right?
[MOTOKO]
No, it is strange.
[TOGUSA]
Huh?
[slurping]
[ISHIKAWA] "Third World"?
Is it like an occult thing?
[MOTOKO] Find out if anyone
at the Ministry of Defense
or their affiliated companies
have used the phrase.
[ISHIKAWA]
Hire some more people, damn it.
[MOTOKO] I will,
if I find the right parts.
[ISHIKAWA] Treating us
like machines, again?
[MOTOKO]
Do you wanna fight about it?
[ISHIKAWA]
Ask the rookie that.
He said he'd punch
you in the face
if you called him a part again.
[TOGUSA] Oh, come on,
does that sound like me?
[SAITO]
Got a report for you, Major.
Judging from the rifle
we confiscated,
we're dealing with an RMC.
Meaning there was no sniper,
just a remote-controlled weapon.
[ISHIKAWA] So they made
the shot, used the virus
and remote-controlled
that body all at once?
They don't just
look like the Major,
they've got her skills, too!
[SAITO] Makes me wanna
kill 'em even more.
Also, I feel like
somebody's been watching me.
[BORMA]
Yeah, it's weird.
So have I.
[TOGUSA]
Uh, actually, me too.
[BATOU]
Ape-Face, maybe?
[MOTOKO]
No, I can't explain it.
[BORMA] I found something
that might be related.
You're gonna want to see this,
so come to my lobby.
All right, blow me away, pal.
I used a forensic search
program to reproduce
the movements of objects that
got caught in the blast.
[BORMA] This is pyro
reverse measurement--
it's like replaying
the explosion backwards.
[TOGUSA]
Not bad!
[BORMA] The bomb case used
fingerprint recognition,
so only the PM or
his aides could open it.
[TOGUSA]
A surveillance camera?
[BORMA]
It's military,
but it's got a limited
range of transmission.
I tested it with
some white noise.
[ISHIKAWA] It's only got
a cheap AI encryption, too.
Here, I'll connect to our
peeping tom's Net now.
[OBSERVER A gasps]
[OBSERVER B gasps]
[OBSERVER 6A yelps]
Give me your name and outfit!
And just FYI,
my sniper's itching to
kill someone right now.
[OBSERVER C]
Huh?!
[OBSERVER C grunts]
[OBSERVER D] I'm with
the Treaty Review Department,
Section D! Contact them!
He's working...
for foreign affairs.
[OBSERVER E choking]
[BORMA] These clowns were in
on the PM's secret talks?
[OBSERVER C, OBSERVER D
grunting]
[SECURITY MEN, AKIYAMA gasp]
I'm Akiyama. We're from
the Treaty Review Department.
I want to keep
this brief, okay?
[AKIYAMA] We captured her
on camera about a month ago.
Brainwashing,
Ghost infiltration,
false memory implantation.
The Fire Starter virus
does it all.
And this is the maniac
that sells it.
She actually uses "Fire Starter"
as her handle, too.
You approached her
to get the virus,
and fell right into her trap.
And then, because we happen to
look alike, you track me?
You're such a fool.
[AKIYAMA] You're a
super-wizard-class hacker,
I'd be an ever bigger fool
if I were to ignore you.
[AKIYAMA]
Mm.
It was two officers
that she manipulated.
[MOTOKO]
"Officers?"
It's a position--
someone who helps enact
the Prime Minister's policies.
One of them was
Colonel Haruyoshi Nada.
[BATOU] The guy who went
missing before the incident.
[AKIYAMA] His job was to
isolate the radical elements
within the Ministry Faction.
Not the person you'd expect
to launch a terrorist attack.
It was like he had a personality
transplant or something.
Then he might
have been infected.
I doubt the broker would take
things that far, though.
Some enemies of the PM must have
bought the virus at an auction.
[AKIYAMA]
Well, when I get their names,
I'll take them and
the broker down.
So who was the other officer?
[AKIYAMA sighs] Yoko Kitahara,
Vice-Minister of Defense.
What is the meaning of this?
Don't move!
There is a protocol
to follow, here!
You're under arrest for
unlawful investigation!
Would you stop it?
I'm sorry. I had no idea.
[ARAMAKI]
Then let's hear your story.
She was infected by Nada,
and made to antagonize
the Ministry faction.
Namely, she manipulated public
opinion to favor their downgrade
and laid off several
thousand troops.
Was she involved in
the assassination?
No, not as far
as we can tell.
This was quite an
elaborate scheme--
manipulating a
foreign affairs squad
and the Ministry of Defense
from the inside.
The virus itself
hasn't been found yet.
Are you sure this woman
isn't making fools of us?
Any idiot could tell I'm
a victim in this mess, too.
Why don't we all point fingers?
Obviously, somebody
manipulated things
to make it look like
it was my setup.
Excuse me?
Who is he?
He's not Section 9.
The name is Kuwahara,
he's an intelligence officer.
The head of their strategy
office, to be precise.
[KUWAHARA]
Aramaki!
[MOTOKO]
I see.
So it was the
intelligence division
that outbid the treaties
bureau for the virus?
The virus wasn't the point.
I can't speak for
the treaties bureau,
but our purchase was supposed to
be a ruse to capture the broker.
I'll just pretend
I believe that.
[ARAMAKI] If we have any
hope to accomplish this,
we're going to have
to work together.
Would it kill you
to cooperate, Major?
When you have to lock up
witnesses and victims
just to protect yourself,
you're no better
than the criminals.
Bold words from the leader
of a glorified gang!
[MOTOKO]
If you want to help so bad,
I'll call you when
I've caught her.
Then you can come
clean up the mess for me.
[KUWAHARA growls]
They could come looking
for me very soon--
They've already traced
things back to Kitahara.
They're turning
into a real nuisance.
Can you take them over
with your virus?
[FAKE MOTOKO]
No need to panic.
Intelligence and the
Treaty Review Department
are both under my thumb.
And truth is the greatest
tragedy of all,
the greatest trap.
Patriotism is fickle.
We can't rely on it
to protect us forever.
If we don't
take care of them,
they'll come knocking
on our doors in no time.
If you can't do it yourself,
then it'll cost you.
Well, Motoko.
Shall I steal your name
along with your face?
[MOTOKO] This is the second time
I've heard of a secret directive
issued by the PM
after his death.
Vice Minister Kitahara said she
couldn't remember the details,
but if she thinks this ghost
ship off the coast of Niihama
might have some significance,
then it's the best lead
we've got right now.
[BATOU]
If this is Nada's hideout,
then why aren't the
intelligence guys making a move?
The treaties bureau
says he's infected, right?
Then you know what that means.
[PAZ] Odds are ten to one
that this is a trap.
[BORMA] It's probably
somewhere in this cluster
of undersea cables.
I'm thinking it's a spy vessel.
[ISHIKAWA] If intelligence
hadn't stolen Kitahara from us,
we'd probably have better info.
What's your call?
[MOTOKO] We'll figure out the
rest when we storm the ship.
[BATOU] Hmph. Any excuse
to blow stuff up.
[MOTOKO] You knew what
you were getting into.
The truth isn't served to us.
We have to seize it.
So can you deal
with that, or not?
You'll have to let
your Ghost decide.
We're fighting for
the future this time.
Not for another
bloody battlefield, right?
Not for some cramped up
little corner to die in.
But for a place
we can call home.
If nothing else, I think
I can work us into a position
that's better suited
to our talents.
[ARAMAKI]
Stand by for now.
We don't know what
we're up against.
"An offensive unit,
free of the system."
It sounds like nothing
more than a pipe dream.
Their skills would have
to be irreplaceable,
but perhaps they are.
[SAITO]
No sign of anyone onboard.
Incoming!
[LOGICOMA 6A]
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
[BATOU]
Wow, tanks already, huh?
[ISHIKAWA] I knew I shoulda
stayed at home today.
Saito!
[SAITO]
I can't pick them up!
[ISHIKAWA] Damn. That's type
2902 thermo-optical camouflage.
Kyo-Re's newest release!
[BATOU]
How much capital have they got
if they can hook up their troops
and their tanks with that?
[MOTOKO]
I'm taking the ship. Cover me!
How, exactly?!
[BORMA] I'll show you
how it's done, rookie.
[SOLDIER B grunts]
[BORMA]
Move!
[MOTOKO grunts]
[SOLDIER C gasps]
[LOGICOMA ALL screaming]
[SOLDIER C groans]
[BATOU grunts]
[SOLDIER D grunts]
I've got this one! Go!
[MOTOKO] I've reached the
intermediate security server.
I can see the
barrier's gate array.
[MOTOKO] Looks a lot like
the tactical defense kind
army intelligence uses.
Lots of entrances,
but only one exit.
This'll be a pain.
[ISHIKAWA]
Opening a tunnel.
Damn, they filled it
with null data.
This is gonna take a second.
[MOTOKO]
I've seen this method before.
The real data's probably
right behind the nulls.
[ISHIKAWA]
I'll keep looking.
[MOTOKO] Don't bother.
I'll force it open.
[MOTOKO gasps]
[MOTOKO grunts]
[ISHIKAWA] Your protection
from the broadcast shorted out!
Close the connection!
Too late!
Ah!
[LOGICOMA grunting]
What the--? Aaah!
[ISHIKAWA] Jeez, how many
hidden servers do you got?
[MOTOKO]
You don't storm a place unarmed.
I've taken control.
The info-- [gasps]
What is this?
[SOLDIER E]
Signals 2, 6, and 7 lost.
Number and positioning
of enemy troops unknown.
[SOLDIER F] Damn it! They've
taken our fire-control room!
[SOLDIERS gasping]
[SOLDIER O groans]
[SOLDIER G]
Ah!
[SOLDIER groans]
[BATOU]
What?!
[SOLDIERS groaning]
[BATOU]
Okay, I got him.
[ISHIKAWA]
We're done here, too.
[BORMA]
Hm?
--Hit the deck!
--[TOGUSA gasps]
--[BATOU] Another stinkin' tank!
--[LOGICOMA 6A] Mr. Batou!
[LOGICOMA 6A]
And stop!
[BATOU] Can we get you
a cockpit already?!
[LOGICOMA 6A]
Your request is being processed!
[MOTOKO]
Military restructuring?
Why my team?
Who the hell did this?
[gasps]
[MOTOKO]
So that's how it is.
[alarms sound]
[ISHIKAWA] Get the
hell out of there, Major!
[BATOU]
Major! What's your status?!
[BATOU] Would somebody
tell me what's going on?!
[ISHIKAWA] Pretty sure
we took over the ship.
Someone must be
remote-controlling
these things from nearby.
[ISHIKAWA]
Saito! Find them and kill them!
[SAITO]
I need more intel!
[SAITO gasps]
[SAITO]
That bitch!
Wow, nice shot!
You can come work for me
after we kill your boss!
[SAITO] Dammit!
She's getting away again!
[BORMA] Wait, why aren't
they shooting at us?
Isn't their goal to
take back the ship?
[MOTOKO]
Everyone all right?
[BATOU]
Yeah, and you?
--[SAITO, BATOU gasp]
--[PAZ] Whoa, huh?
She forced us here.
Yeah, and she didn't use
Ghost infiltration keys.
[MOTOKO] There's no time,
so I'll make this brief.
I'm restarting the investigation
with a new hypothesis.
The rest of you don't need
to bear the risk this time.
But Major?
It's data--
that's not really her.
[MOTOKO] The squad has been
officially disbanded.
--But why?
--[ISHIKAWA, BORMA gasp]
[MOTOKO] I'll leave
recommendation letters for you
with Chief Aramaki.
Of course, you can transfer
wherever you want.
You're the best parts
in the business.
When you're together,
you make the perfect machine.
You'll accomplish more than
I could ever dream of.
[BATOU gasps]
[MOTOKO]
That's all.
Follow your Ghost.
[gasping]
[ISHIKAWA]
Her lobby's been shut down.
[BATOU] What the hell?
Did she purge herself?
[PAZ]
She might've just cut us off.
[TOGUSA]
It's messed up either way.
[TOGUSA gasps, grunts]
[BATOU grunts] My ghost lock
won't work on this guy!
[TOGUSA]
Huh?!
[BATOU] Must be a
remote-controlled body.
[KITAHARA] Were they able
to capture Colonel Nada?
[KITAHARA] You're still
upset that the hearing
has been put on hold,
aren't you?
Well, don't look at me!
I don't know what
the truth is anymore.
Who said I'm upset?
[gasps]
[FAKE MOTOKO]
I'm borrowing another car.
Send the repair bill to
the Ministry of Commerce
or the Far East trade embassy.
Tell me something,
"Fire-Starter,"
Was that the code name for the
virus during its development?
Or was it simply
your name all along?
[FAKE MOTOKO] Is there
a difference, really?
[KUWAHARA] I abandoned the spy
vessel, just like you asked.
What more do you want from me?
[FAKE MOTOKO] For one,
I don't know if Kusanagi
is still alive or not.
Why don't you try
searching your Net for her?
Thanks for cooperating.
We wouldn't want the
biggest scandal since the war
to go public, now would we?
[ARAMAKI] Vice-Minister Kitahara
was assassinated,
and Colonel Nada's status
is still unknown.
That makes your claims
difficult to corroborate,
especially since you've lost
your investigative privileges.
Still, you can stay on the case
if you become
members of Section 9.
Yeah, that's not gonna happen.
So long, pal.
[TOGUSA]
Hey, wait!
Are you really gonna
let it end like this?
[sighs]
So where do you think
we should start?
If the ship doesn't
give us anything,
I'd look into anybody
involved in the case
who refuses to testify.
[ARAMAKI] Like Robert Lee?
The Far East trade rep?
That one's a tough nut to crack.
Try using Section 9's Net.
[TOGUSA]
Yes, sir!
The seeds that you planted
are bearing fruit, Major.
I won't let them be cut down.
I swear.
[piano plays]
[ISHIKAWA]
I caught some strange intel.
While back, a husband and wife
team of prosthetics developers
went missing during a project
to avoid dead-ending.
Did some digging
and it turns out,
their bodies are
being kept by Unit 501
for "research purposes."
You better not tell me the wife
was about to have a damn baby.
Is there something
I'm missing here?
Think of someone who's been
a full cyborg since birth.
They're the Major's parents?
[ISHIKAWA]
I wish I could tell you.
The bodies are so contaminated,
they can't even be ID'd.
[BATOU] The Major was born
without a body of her own
and raised as army equipment.
She really did have
nothing to lose.
She was someone else's property
without any hope of
achieving freedom.
[BORMA] That's why
she was working so hard
to go independent after the war.
So your take is that
she's acting on her own
because of these
parents of hers?
[ISHIKAWA]
She's not that sentimental.
They're probably secondary
to some bigger fish
she wants to fry.
It's not like I have proof,
but it feels like she saw
something real bad on that ship.
Bad enough for her to
purge every one of us
without a second thought.
If you're suggesting
she did that to protect us,
I'm not buying it.
This is the woman who
calls us "parts" you know!
She can call us
whatever she wants,
all that matters is
how she treats us.
I shouldn't kid myself.
Full cyborgs are parts, really.
Gotta join an organization
to do maintenance for you,
or you fall apart long
before you're dead.
[BORMA]
Where are you going?
[BATOU] I'm not the kinda guy
who can just "follow his Ghost."
If I can't see it with my own
eyes, then it ain't real.
A giant ship, seven soldiers,
and two of those tanks.
That sure was one hell
of an expensive trap.
What the hell were
they all looking at?
I thought maybe we could talk.
[ISHIKAWA]
I know it's sudden.
Thanks for coming out.
So you want to work for
intelligence again, huh?
If you can give me some
good intel on Major Kusanagi,
I might consider it.
You're the one who's
doing the talking.
My role here, was to
serve as a relay point.
I was certain.
[BATOU]
You're Koichi Sawada?
Formerly of the Army's
armored division?
'Cause that name matches
one of the Ministry loyalists
who died on a
spy ship yesterday.
I don't know.
[BATOU] You've been implanted
with false memories,
Colonel Haruyoshi Nada.
[KUWAHARA groaning]
Screw you!
If you think you can get away
with making enemies out my unit,
you're in for an ugly surprise!
[grunts, gasps]
These micromachines can reach
your cyberbrain in five minutes.
Then they'll increase
your pain sensitivity.
Seven-thousand times
what it is now.
[KUWAHARA]
No, stop! Aaah!
[KUWAHARA screams]
[gasps]
She was there!
[alarm sounds]
[PAZ grunts]
[grunts]
Get in the car!
[PAZ] The Major's twin and
the East Asian Federation
were in cahoots.
I sure wish we'd known
that from the start.
Guess that rules out a terror
strike on two fronts at least.
What were you doing
at the embassy anyway?
I got some data from
that oversized E-paper
at the bomb site.
Here, this is what I saw
when I played it back.
[PAZ]
A 3D map of the embassy?
The PM and his friends were up
to some risky business, huh?
[KUWAHARA]
The ship was being used for
domestic espionage activities
under a secret deal
with the Americans.
It's not a scandal,
it's a national security issue!
Then why'd you abandon the
ship just to set up our boss?
Who is the PM's enemy?
The PM was using
the Defense Ministry
to oust the rebels in
the Ministry of Commerce.
That's all I know, I swear.
Now please, stop the pain!
[KUWAHARA screaming]
[ISHIKAWA] Hm. It was just
a vitamin injection.
[TOGUSA]
Uh?
So he was the real
Colonel Nada all along?
Maybe his sympathy
for the rank and file
spawned those false memories.
Then they preyed on
the guilt in his own mind,
feelings that drove him
to wear another man's face.
[BATOU] And they left him alive
as a card to play
when they wanted to
intimidate the government.
[ARAMAKI]
Absolutely repulsive.
[TOGUSA] And it turns out
Representative Lee
just nabbed a valuable mine
that used to belong
to Ambassador Wong.
In other words,
no matter how they acted,
they were actually competitors.
All this mess just so
war merchants can make a dime.
The PM must have made
a backroom deal with Wong
in the hopes of getting
Lee out of their hair.
[TOGUSA] Lee finds out
and all hell breaks loose.
Meanwhile, our broker hands out
the virus to both sides
and laughs about it.
[BATOU] Probably weighing
them against each other.
Either way,
one thing's clear now.
This has been a war between
the PM and the Federation.
[phone rings]
Right. Thanks.
It would seem that someone's
ordered the Major's arrest.
Leaving, are you?
Even the Major decided
to go solo on this one.
You don't have the balls or
the skills to handle this.
We'll see about that, won't we?
But in the meantime,
please, keep her safe.
[BATOU]
Hmph.
[TOGUSA gasps]
[OSAMU]
Major Kusanagi?
All right, full disclosure
Section 9 told me
to call them if
you showed up tonight.
Do I need to keep
this is a secret?
That will depend on you,
Mister Fujimoto.
[OSAMU groaning]
[MOTOKO] You were the one
who brought the bomb
that killed your father.
I'm afraid there's
no escaping it.
[OSAMU]
Oh, God.
One more thing.
I need to know about
my squad's budget.
I wasn't able to trace
some of the money.
Maybe you know
where it came from?
[OSAMU sobs]
[OSAMU]
It was military privatization.
A surplus from when
we broke up Unit 501.
[gasps]
[OSAMU] Please,
change my memories back.
I don't want to live like this.
It wasn't my fault!
[MOTOKO] The truth is
a weight we must carry.
No matter how much
my heart cries out.
I won't turn away.
Never again.
[MOTOKO grunts]
[gasps]
[MOTOKO]
It's remote-controlled!
Kurutsu!
[MOTOKO]
Show me the server floor.
A virus development net.
Transmitting externally.
[gasps]
[MOTOKO] An attack barrier
and a barrier maze?
Clearly that info is
something worth protecting.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
Your brain associated us
with our old bodies, I see.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (RIGHT)] Sorry,
but we need to restrain you.
[MOTOKO]
On Kurutsu's orders?
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (RIGHT)]
It's our collective will.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
Though that does include her.
Then she is alive.
[MOTOKO gasps]
[TSUMUGI (RIGHT)] Please,
you have to stop resisting us.
[TSUMUGI (LEFT)] We don't
want to see you get hurt.
[MOTOKO gasps]
[MOTOKO grunts]
[MOTOKO]
Ugh!
[MOTOKO grunts]
[IBACHI]
I think that's enough.
It's not worth it, Kusanagi.
[RAIZO chuckles]
Just had to come back.
[RAIZO grunts]
--[MOTOKO groans]
--[RAIZO] Ha!
Move!
"You have to accept
your limits." Remember?
[FAKE MOTOKO grunts]
[IBACHI, RAIZO grunt]
[LOGICOMA 6A]
Major! [squeals]
[UNIT MEMBERS groaning]
Hey, Sleeping Beauty.
Had to crack your
secret lab to fix you,
but I trust you won't complain.
All those weapon mods
didn't suit you anyway.
Your body was fine how it was.
[MOTOKO]
Why did you do this?
You wouldn't order me,
as my boss,
but as a fellow human
with a Ghost,
you were hoping I'd come
help you out on my own.
That's what you were
going for, right?
[MOTOKO]
Run away.
As soon as you're
out of the maze, I will.
But until then, I think I'm
gonna do my own thing.
[ITO] I hope you'll take
responsibility for this.
[FAKE MOTOKO]
Don't worry.
I'll use my men to clean it up.
[ROBERT]
I'll have my subsidiaries
provide you with
soldiers as well.
Use as many as it takes.
I can't guarantee any of them
will come back alive.
This is a
500-billion-dollar business.
I think can deal with it.
Your democracy
tricks these idealists
into thinking they can
change the world.
And then the majority pounds
them right back into place
to maintain the status quo.
[FAKE MOTOKO chuckles]
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (RIGHT)]
You have to stop fighting.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT)] We don't
want to see your brain fried.
[MOTOKO] If you think
my barrier is that cheap,
I've got a surprise for you.
[TSUMUGI (RIGHT)] You
reverse-breached the barrier.
[TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
There's no going back now.
Then help me put
an end to this.
Where is Kurutsu and
what is her objective?
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (RIGHT)]
Don't know her location.
Having multiple bodies was
a key part of her strategy.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
As for her objective,
it hasn't changed.
Survive, no matter
who wins the battle.
I'm sure you're
already aware of this,
but the East Asian Federation
wants to use dead-ending
as a means of
monopolizing the market.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
There are some children
who aren't facing
a dead-end yet.
And what, you're going to
use them as poster children?
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT)] No. We're
leaving the future to them.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (RIGHT)]
They will become
next generation models
and make long-term
versioning up a reality.
What makes you think it'll
be any different this time?
And what about everyone else?
[gasps]
[SOLDIERS yelling]
[LOGICOMA A gasping]
Why, you!
[SOLDIER U gasps]
[SOLDIER T grunts]
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT/RIGHT)]
You were always free.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (RIGHT)] You're
always searching for a future.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
If only we could be the same.
You two were protecting me.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (RIGHT)]
Our brains have reached
their limit, either way.
We'll shift to the Third World
before they expire.
[YOUNG TSUMUGI (LEFT)]
Pray that we may become
part of the sea of data.
[TSUMUGI (LEFT/RIGHT)]
Perhaps, someday
someone will be born
who can access you.
[MOTOKO gasps]
[MOTOKO]
Found it!
[SOLDIER V groaning]
[SOLDIERS screaming]
[ROBERT growls]
[PAZ]
Ah!
[IBACHI grunts]
[PAZ groans]
[BATOU]
Saito!
[SAITO]
I am gonna kill that guy!
[BATOU groans]
[BATOU, RAIZO grunting]
[TOGUSA]
Everybody alive out there?!
[LOGICOMA 6B] We can't repair
you if you're dead!
[BATOU]
I told you, studs don't die.
[BATOU grunts]
[RAIZO grunts]
[BATOU groans]
[ISHIKAWA gasps]
[ISHIKAWA groans]
[ARMORED SOLDIER]
Huh?! Ah!
[SOLDIERS screaming]
[MOTOKO]
You just gonna stand there?
If you can't deliver,
I'll replace you.
[ISHIKAWA]
Hmph.
Hey, it's not my fault you
interrupted me, Gorilla Woman.
[BATOU yells]
[RAIZO grunts]
[BATOU snarls]
[BATOU grunts]
[RAIZO growls]
[RAIZO, IBACHI grunt]
[groans]
[RAIZO grunts]
[PAZ]
Major!
[RAIZO growls]
You traitor, I'll kill you!
[RAIZO grunts]
[TOGUSA]
Major! You all right?
[BORMA grunts]
[RAIZO grunts]
[RAIZO grunting]
[BATOU] I told ya,
your old parts are the best.
And I told you to run away.
Bunch of adrenaline junkies.
Parts like you would be a lot of
trouble to replace, you know.
There's still one more
job we gotta take care of.
[AMAGATA] What good will
arresting me do?
The same game will
start up again
after this
administration dissolves.
You know, every
minister that retired today
said the exact same thing,
and I don't give a damn.
[AMAGATA] It's the corrupt
system that's to blame.
It's not our fault for using
our resources to combat it.
You're doing the same thing
with your badges and guns.
Even if you don't see
yourself as a criminal,
that doesn't change
the fact that you breed them
for the sake of profits.
[AMAGATA]
You'll understand someday.
[FAKE MOTOKO gasps]
[MOTOKO grunts]
[FAKE MOTOKO grunts]
So that's where you've been.
[CARETAKER]
You're late.
She's leaving us now.
[MOTOKO gasps]
[MOTOKO]
Kurutsu!
[CHRIS (KURUTSU)]
Kurutsu is dead.
Even if I could control
that body again,
I could never recreate
her personality.
I can't explain it.
[MOTOKO] How long have
you been doing this?
[CHRIS (KURUTSU)]
Since the beginning.
I've compensated for my
shortcomings with micromachines,
and although I can't be
prosthetized myself,
I have operated many
prosthetic bodies.
Yours was the only name
I couldn't take.
[MOTOKO]
What about Fire-Starter?
Were you the developer
all this time?
[CHRIS (KURUTSU)] One day
you'll see that the diversity
of information
packages is endless.
That they can give birth
to a new world.
I'm going there now,
everyone else is waiting for me.
[KURUTSU] I pity you,
one who was once so free,
trapped in this
miserable, waking world.
I trust you were able to say
goodbye before she moved on?
How could you have allowed
this all these years?
Because we had hope,
two hopes to avert the dead-end
of cyberbrains and
prosthetic bodies.
It was either going
to be her or you.
It's that simple.
[ARAMAKI]
Take him away.
[CARETAKER]
You should stop searching
for the names of the dead.
There's nothing to be gained.
Take it from someone who's long
been a dead man himself.
[MOTOKO]
What is it?
Can you take us with you?
Where are we supposed to go now?
[MOTOKO]
That depends on you.
[BOYS and GIRLS gasp]
Are you willing
to sell your Ghost
for the sake of some
uniform standard?
Sacrificing those less
fortunate than you are?
You've all been
given cyberbrains,
and Ghosts to guide
your actions.
If you want something
from others,
you have to find something
to offer in return.
Build your future.
[ITO] It's only the government's
"official position."
It won't interfere
with our trade.
[ROBERT]
Good.
I would hate to see
the aristocracy starve
because the slave
nation fails to serve.
[ITO] Well, the slave trade
always benefits
from labor shortages.
--[HOTEL STAFF] Huh?!
--[HOTEL GUESTS gasps]
[BATOU]
You really gonna do this, Major?
[BODYGUARD gasping]
[ARAMAKI] I see our Far East
trade representative,
the Vice-Minister of Commerce,
and a number of union officials.
[ROBERT]
How dare you!
[ARAMAKI]
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs
and the Defense Agency
are watching this,
and I'm sure Vice-Minister Ito
here would be happy
to testify about the
PM's assassination.
[ITO]
I'm ruined.
Impossible.
He applied for asylum
and it was granted.
All the papers were
signed, as well.
Prove it.
Show some patience.
The papers are at the embassy.
I'll forward them to you later.
People are still loyal
to the old PM.
Don't think they won't kill you.
[ROBERT] Ha! In this
civilized nation of pacifists?
[MOTOKO]
Oh, are we?
They're outside the window!
[ITO]
Ah! Help me!
[ARAMAKI]
Hold your fire!
Sure is nice to watch
the cherry blossoms together.
[MOTOKO]
This is an assignment.
Twenty-four hour
cherry blossom surveillance.
[ARAMAKI]
Got a job, for you Major.
In South Niihama,
District 4, they've---
No, thanks.
[ARAMAKI] I got your budget,
so get to work.
[MOTOKO]
Logicoma!
[LOGICOMA 6A]
It's true!
Budget approval forms checked,
confirmed and looking good!
[MOTOKO]
All right, then.
Flower stakeout suspended!
Get moving!
[MOTOKO] You're the best
parts in the business,
assembled with care.
You know your jobs.
Now let's do this!